A massive, massive wall stands in front of me, blocking my way.
I wonder what the view is like on the other side.
What does it look like?
It's something I'll never be able to see alone.
The view from the summit.
Let's go, Hinata.
Yeah!
Sawamura!
We came to cheer you on!
Michimiya! You really came.
Wow! You're going to play in the finals!
That's amazing! It's so...
All right. Let's go, everyone.
Crazy!
Okay.
Your lack of vocabulary is what's crazy.
Yui.
U-Um... So, uh, here!
I mean, it's not just for you.
It's for all of you guys, and we have one too, so it's not like—
Oh, thanks!
You're so thoughtful, Michimiya.
Huh? I-It's not a big deal...
I'll put it on the bench.
Hope you'll cheer us on!
You can count on us!
You did good enough by your standards just giving it to him.
Wow...
You can tell it's the finals.
The place is packed.
This is no time to be scared, Ryuu.
I-I'm not scared.
I want you to picture something.
It's the finals.
We're playing Shiratorizawa.
How do you think you'll do with so many people watching?
How well? I can't...
They always look so much cooler when they're good players.
Yeah!
Nishinoya! Tanaka! You're amazing!
Nishinoya, Tanaka.
Do...
Do your best out there.
I'm gonna do this, Noya!
I'm gonna be the hero of the match!
I'm not gonna let you beat me, Ryuu!
They seem more fired up than usual.
Hey, stop screaming! You're embarrassing us!
Guts! Guts! Guts! Guts!
It's actually a bit reassuring that those guys never change.
Shut up, you two!
Indeed.
Come on, let's go.
Right!
Hinata, do you need to go to the bathroom?
I just went!
Shou!
I-Izumin! Kouji!
Yo! It's been a while.
Oh, they're from my junior high volleyball... I mean...
They're the people who helped me during my volleyball match!
I was on the basketball team.
I was on the soccer team.
I was wondering why there was someone with really good footwork!
What the...
Why's he here?!
I said the same thing at first.
But you know, he has his reasons... But it's the King.
Are you sure you'll be okay, Shouyou?
Just watch.
Hey, let's go, Hinata.
Well, I hope you cheer us on.
Do your best!
You bet!
We texted, but only about what us two were up to.
I never thought we'd see him here.
Who are they?
So Shou finally made some friends.
You played them in junior high.
Shut up. Like I remember everyone I played against.
Yeah.
And that's exactly why you don't have friends, Kageyama.
What did you say?!
Hey! Stop it, you two!
We're going to be playing in the finals.
Isn't it stupid of them to be using that energy?
Well, I guess we might lose right away.
Good grief.
Come on, let's get moving.
As soon as we put our stuff away, we're going to warm up...
Ow! What the heck, Daic—
I mean, they lost in the second round last time.
Karasuno couldn't fly or crow.
Hopefully them making it to finals isn't some fluke, either.
What's that old dude's problem? He came here again?
Do you know him?
Nah. He would just show up to matches every so often.
He doesn't seem like he's anybody's relative.
Maybe he's just a fan of high school volleyball and likes rooting for Karasuno?
He'll cheer for plays he thinks were good and boo the bad ones.
Where's Karasuno's fan section?
He's always been easy to spot.
You should at least make that clear.
Have you guys seen him before?
Yes.
When we were first-years, he came to a tournament.
We'll never let him call us "clipped crows" again.
All right, here we go!
Yeah!
They finally made it here.
Yeah.
Let's give it our all too!
Yeah!
All right!
Ladies and gentlemen from the Karasuno shopping district, Karasuno Alumni Cheer Squad, and cheer squad hopefuls!
Let's start by beating Shiratorizawa at cheering!
Listen up, everyone!
Two, three, four!
We need to cheer as loud as we can so that our cheers become the players' strength!
Five, six, seven, eight!
Yes, sir.
The vice principal sure seems worked up about this all of a sudden.
Come on. We need to practice once.
Ready, and... Was he always like that?
Go, go, Karasuno! Push it, push it, Karasuno!
Hey! We just practiced this yesterday!
Sir, you say we practiced, but it was just a little bit after school.
A-Are they going to be okay?
We can't panic!
Look at them!
See how confident they are?
I'm going to the bathroom again!
I-I need an antacid.
Me too... We're playing center court...
Noya, cheerleaders! They have cheerleaders!
Are you okay, Yamaguchi?!
I'm so jealous!
Tanaka, Nishinoya! Will you two shut up already?!
You guys are panicking way too hard.
E-Every... Everyone, calm...
This is the Karasuno team?
I keep telling you, I'm not anyone suspicious!
He was lurking around here and ran when I looked his way, so I chased him down!
Hey! Stop!
Maybe he's a spy for Shiratorizawa!
What?!
W-Wait! I belong here!
I'm Tsukishima Kei's older brother!
Tsukishima's older brother?!
Shh! Shh!
He told me not to come!
Those two are nothing alike.
They give off completely different vibes.
Huh?
Shiratorizawa!
All right, here we go!
Our opponent today... ...is Karasuno High School!
Good luck!
All right, here we go!
Wow... Yeah, they really feel like a powerhouse school.
Come to think of it, Shiratorizawa hasn't shown up yet.
Yeah, they're late.
Damn. Think they're so cool...
I guess that's what being a champ does.
Do they think so little of us?
They're here!
All right, let's start our meeting.
Hey, I know you're tired from already playing two matches today, but you'd better listen.
Our next match is tomorrow.
First, I'm going to start with my honest opinion.
If the most complete team in the prefecture is Aoba Jousai,
then Shiratorizawa is the most incomplete.
Incomplete?
Do you know why I think that?
Because I looked at the file your managers made after they found out everything they could about Shiratorizawa.
Kiyoko did that for me?!
No, it was for the whole team.
That's really all we can do, anyway.
Right, Hitoka?
Oh, yes.
We wanted to be of some use to you all.
Thank you, Yachi!
Don't waste their hard work!
Clean out those ears and listen!
Yes, sir!
Um, what do you mean by "incomplete" team?
If the attacks that we and most other teams are trying to pull off are multiplication,
then Shiratorizawa's are addition.
They add their strengths together.
We use different speeds, positioning, and timings for our attacks to slip through blocks.
Shiratorizawa also varies the timing of their attacks,
but when the receive is a bit off, or in cases where they really want to score,
they set to their wing spikers without fail.
They especially like giving Ushijima high sets.
There's only one reason for that.
They're sure to score.
Sorry!
You'll get hit, regardless of how well we're guarding.
And it'll be with power like we've never experienced before.
You'd better be prepared!
He managed to hit that all the way up here?
He hits from so high up!
They simply destroy everything with their one ultimate spear.
That's the kind of team Shiratorizawa is.
Though Ushiwaka is their best player, it's not like the rest of the team is ordinary either.
Got it!
It feels like they're hitting it so lightly, but if I touched it, I bet it'd rip my arm off.
Light it up, Wakatoshi!
Ushiwaka's amazing.
I'm getting excited!
Yeah.
Light it up, Eita!
Yeah!
Thanks!
Light it up, Satori!
It's Benkei.
That dude's name has to be Benkei!
Reon.
What's up?
Reon?!
That little kid totally started calling you "Benkei."
Sorry to shatter your dreams.
So that's half of Karasuno's first-year fast attack duo?
What, really?!
Bring it!
Look! There's a tiny kid!
I wonder if he's a sub.
Nice spike!
I sort of feel bad for him.
I always feel like cheering for the underdog.
Nice spike!
Hey, you two.
Do that thing you did yesterday!
But I can say the following with confidence.
We definitely won't lose when it comes to scoring points!
The first step...
is getting the brawl under control.
That shorty hit it straight down!
More importantly, it was so fast!
Did the setter even touch it?
I was surprised that Seijou didn't make it this year,
but Karasuno's pretty interesting too.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter who we're up against. We'll shut them down!
Talk big when you can actually back it up.
Now, now...
As always, your words are as cool as your bangs, Tsutomu.
Thanks!
I think you babying him is exactly the problem.
You're so stiff, Taichi!
I have a lot of faith in this one.
I mean, he's a starter as a first-year, and he's going to be our ace!
I'll do my best to not let you down!
Right. Do your best, future ace.
You're just inflating his ego with that talk.
We're receiving first.
We're counting on you yet again, Wakatoshi.
You need to work harder.
Don't just rely on Wakatoshi.
What are you, his right arm? Or maybe you really are Benkei?
Ushijima!
I'll prove that I'm the one who should be called the ace in these finals.
Yeah. Do your best.
He actually said that seriously, so he comes off as a bit of a jerk.
Their starting lineup is just as we expected.
Did you memorize their profiles?
Yes, sir!
Don't let it get to you if Ushijima scores.
Just keep calm and get it back.
That's all you need to do!
He's not a machine.
He'll definitely start to make mistakes.
You know what you need to do, right?
Yes, sir!
All right, everyone.
This is the finals.
Since we've come this far, let's win and go to nationals!
Yeah!
We will now begin the Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament,
Miyagi Prefecture Qualifiers, Boys' Finals.
The match will be Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno High School
versus Shiratorizawa Academy.
It's finally starting.
Oh man, Shou really made it to the finals.
Is that dude on the other team really still in high school?!
Wow, there are tons of TV crews here.
We will now introduce the Karasuno High School starting lineup.
Number one, Sawamura Daichi.
Number three, Azumane Asahi.
Number five, Tanaka Ryuunosuke.
Ryuu!
Yeah!
Number nine, Kageyama Tobio.
Number ten, Hinata Shouyou.
Number eleven, Tsukishima Kei.
Kei!
Hey, stop!
Number four, libero, Nishinoya Yuu.
Yeah!
Coach, Takeda Ittetsu.
Next, we will introduce the Shiratorizawa Academy starting lineup.
Number one, Ushijima Wakatoshi.
Ushijima!
Waka!
Number four, Oohira Reon.
Number five, Tendou Satori.
Yay!
Number eight, Goshiki Tsutomu.
Number ten, Shirabu Kenjirou.
Number twelve, Kawanishi Taichi.
Number fourteen, libero, Yamagata Hayato.
Yeah!
Coach, Washijou Tanji.
Ladies and gentlemen, please cheer on both teams and wish them good luck.
I think their nerves are contagious.
I thought they were doing okay when I saw the one spike Hinata made after their warmup.
The other team's done this a million times before.
On the other hand, Karasuno is in the finals and playing center court for the first time.
You can't blame them for being nervous.
If this is their first finals, have they never played a best-of-five before?
Best-of-five?
Up until now, they played best-of-threes and the first to two sets won.
In the finals, they play a best-of-five and the first to three sets wins,
just like the pro matches you see on TV.
What?! That's gonna be super tiring!
Yeah.
I'm worried about their stamina.
We can't be the ones who're getting depressed!
This is a different start than usual.
Usually they put Hinata or someone else who's good with serves in the front.
I guess they're going to try to match up their tallest blockers against Ushijima.
It'll be interesting to see how they deal with his spikes too.
Bring it!
But someone on a team that cannot even make it to the prefecture finals because they lost to Aoba Jousai
can say all they want, but I will make nothing of it.
Give us a good serve, Daichi!
Got it!
Ushijima!
Here it comes!
I got it.
Nice spike, Ushijima!
Ushijima! Ushijima!
Shake it off!
Get the next one!
Hello there, Left.
So, what's up with your disguise?
A hat and huge sunglasses are like the classic disguise!
That reminds me, Kageyama wore a similar disguise once.
See?
That just means you're both simpletons.
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"The Threat of 'Left.'"
Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
The view from the summit
Episode One: Greetings Episode One: Greetings
Episode Two: The Threat of "Left"
The Japanese National High School Boys' Volleyball Tournament Miyagi Prefecture Qualifier
Finals Finals Shiratorizawa vs. Karasuno
Shiratorizawa vs. Karasuno
The Japanese National High School Boys' Volleyball Tournament Miyagi Prefecture Qualifier
Finals Finals Shiratorizawa vs. Karasuno
Shiratorizawa vs. Karasuno
Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament
Karasuno's Victory is Certain Massive Sale
Fly Fly
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Shiratorizawa Academy Countermeasure Documents
Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament
Shiratorizawa                 Karasuno
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Shiratorizawa                  Karasuno
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu